[all screaming]
[Enzo's screams drowning out others]
[Baines praying indistinctly]
[rowdy rock music playing]
Don't think we're finished
just because you blew up the plane!
We won't be finished
until you join my brother. half-breed!
Do me a favor. Try not to die in the fall!
So I can kill you myself.
in case that wasn't clear!
Try not to die?
No problem!
[music trails off]
["Rollin' (Air Raid Vehicle)"
by Limp Bizkit playing]
♪ Your... your... your hands up ♪
♪ Throw your hands up
Throw your hands up ♪
♪ Move in. now move out
Hands up. now hands down ♪
♪ Back up. back up
Tell me what you're gonna do now ♪
♪ Breathe in. now breathe out
Hands up. now hands down ♪
♪ Back up. back up
Tell me what you're gonna do now ♪
♪ Keep rollin'. rollin'
Rollin'. rollin' ♪
♪ Hey. ladies. hey. fellas ♪
♪ And the people that don't give a **** ♪
♪ All the lovers. all the haters ♪
♪ And all the people
That call themselves players ♪
♪ Hot mommas. pimp daddies ♪
♪ And the people rollin' up in Caddies ♪
♪ Hey. rockers. hip-hoppers ♪
♪ And everybody all around the world ♪
♪ Move in. now move out
Hands up. now hands down ♪
♪ Back up. back up
Tell me what you're gonna do now ♪
♪ Breathe in. now breathe out
Hands up. now hands down ♪
♪ Back up. back up
Tell me what you're gonna do now ♪
♪ Keep rollin'
Rollin'. rollin'. rollin' ♪
[song trails off]
[door clatters. squeaks]
[throaty growl]
[unsettling. suspenseful music playing]
[gasps]
[plant demon snarls]
Any luck finding
the vermin we're infested with?
Go. See to your other mission.
Plasma and I can take care of
the sapien bitch.
Well. I can.
[in Makaian] For Makai.
For Makai.
[suspenseful music playing]
Oh. damn! Whatever's going on in there.
they better be paying us overtime.
You boys coming from the attack site?
Yes. sir. PR's gonna have
a hell of a time explaining that mess.
Any equipment worth salvaging
is in the truck.
Find a position on the perimeter.
We can't go inside
because of the high-tension current.
But the second these doors open. we move.
[eerie. unsettling music playing]
[demons slavering]
It's Cavaliere. get up!
Do we finally get a crack
at these intruders?
We move out to battle.
[demon cackles]
[grunting]
[panting]
[tense. mysterious music playing]
[door rattling]
[rapid beeping in distance]
[groans]
It's just the drugs. I'm hallucinating.
Fuck.
[distorted snarl]
[heartbeat pulsing]
[weakly] Do it.
[heartbeat intensifies]
Please.
- [gunshot]
- [monitor flatlines]
Lieutenant. Whew!
You almost got me there.
Man. am I glad to see you.
You too.
[tense. eerie music playing]
Dante! [Enzo yelps]
You've gotta do something!
Any suggestions?
I don't know. Maybe try
turning your arm spiky again. huh?
[sputtering] Why can't you be one of them
rich superheroes with flying armor.
or a parachute in your belt or some shit.
[Dante] Parachute!
[rowdy rock music playing]
[Dante] Whoo!
[woman screaming]
Gotcha.
My first time using one of these.
Actually. it's my first time
being on a plane too. [chuckles]
Don't worry. I'm sure this will go much
better than that did.
Dante. wake up.
You're going to live.
[man screaming]
[Dante] I feel weird!
I feel weird too!
We're falling through the sky
at 100 miles an hour!
- Ooh. it's a weird feeling!
- [Dante groaning]
- How'd you make it out?
- Luck. I guess.
Gimme your gun.
[medical monitors beeping]
[yells]
[trigger clicking]
Hey. weren't they all dead already?
Yeah. They'll be harder to study
in a hundred fucking pieces.
We're one floor from the top.
The amulet's still up there.
Let's go see what that
Roger fucking Rabbit reject's been doing.
The only stairs up
are at the end of the hall.
I've been on this floor for a while.
I had time for a little recon.
[taut. enigmatic music playing]
[Mary] Did you go inside
any of the apartments?
No. Did you?
One of them.
It's not humans the Rabbit has
locked in here. it's demons.
But they were... different.
They care for each other. like a family.
But they're still demons. right?
Not like the ones I signed up to kill.
I think it might be
more complicated than that.
It reminded me of something
my team and I saw once.
It doesn't matter right now.
I don't think it's complicated at all.
They are demons. We are demon hunters.
Believe me. Lieutenant.
nothing good ever came out of Makai.
You mean "the demon realm."
[chortles]
[Plasma] You just did me a favor.
Now it doesn't have to be a fair fight.
[cries out]
There you are.
[Mary] Wait!
[groaning]
Let's negotiate.
Your current position doesn't seem
to offer much leverage.
And you wouldn't have had to play dress-up
if this was just about killing me.
I'm guessing the Rabbit
gave you a different mission?
Infiltrate DARKCOM.
[booming thuds]
What's your point?
You've been wearing
the body of a low-level recruit.
I'm an officer. I can go places he can't.
I can give you information. passcodes.
as long as I'm alive to do it.
[Plasma trills]
[boom]
Wait.
You're the one Rabbit wanted most.
It will be an honor to present him
your poison-bloated corpse.
[gasps]
Looks like you killed the wrong bitch.
[menacing metal music playing]
[music trails off]
[Enzo] Dante! What's happening?
[delicate. mysterious music playing]
Son of Sparda.
Your father left this for you.
Always keep it safe.
They're here! Where's your brother?
Hide here. I have to find Vergil.
- [heart beating]
- [Dante's mother screams]
[bellows]
[epic symphonic metal music building]
♪ Nothing can save you
When there's no way out ♪
[sonic boom echoes]
♪ Shine. shine. shine
It's getting bigger ♪
♪ Bang. bang. bang ♪
♪ Pull my devil trigger ♪
[Enzo] Hey! You got wings?
So flap your ass down here
and save us already!
[screams]
No! No. Get away from me!
You're one of them! Get away!
Then fall!
[arcane energy crackling]
You see. soldier?
Even the Devil can do God's work.
Hey. kid?
[straining]
Dante!
[taut. measured melody rising]
[disbelievingly] Whoa.
[Enzo] Whoa.
♪ Embrace the darkness that's inside me ♪
[Enzo]
You're the frickin' son of Sparda. baby!
[distorted whooshing]
[suspenseful music playing]
[foreboding chords tolling]
Time to change up the odds.
Here we go! Move. move. move!
[bomb trills. beeps]
Stay back!
Do not approach the building! It's a trap!
[static crackles]
Repeat! It's a trap!
[rapid beeping]
- Back! Everyone back!
- Repeat!
[distorted whoosh]
Nice to see you got in touch
with your demon side.
I'd have felt all silly
revenge-killing a human.
You know what I felt
when I killed your brother?
Nothing.
[aggressive metal music playing]
[Dante] You took something from me.
I'll kill as many of you
as I have to to get it back.
Then I'll kill the rest.
Where is my necklace?
[metal creaking. groaning]
[haltingly] Rabbit has it.
I don't... I don't know.
[dark. urgent music rising]
[music halts]
[explosion in distance]
I think you just told me.
[static crackling]
Status report.
Two casualties.
but the rest of us are still here.
Thank Christ.
I already lost one team today.
I thought I'd lost you all too.
It's damn good to hear your voice.
Lieutenant.
There's something else you need to hear.
Get everyone on the line.
To any dem...
To any Makaian who can hear me.
this is Lieutenant Mary Ann Arkham
of DARKCOM speaking.
I know you're not here to attack anyone.
I know you only came to this realm
because you can't survive
where you're from.
And I know the White Rabbit
keeps you trapped and in fear.
That ends now.
My team is gonna come in
and take you all somewhere safe.
This is a rescue mission only.
I know you might have been...
hurt before by people like us.
[low. keening wail]
But you're not our enemy.
The Rabbit is.
And every bit of pain he's caused.
we're gonna pay him back in full.
Is that understood?
Uh. the words. yeah.
The reason...
[Mary] The reason is that
the demons here aren't fighters.
They're refugees.
The Rabbit has a device
that lets them travel between realms.
They had no choice but to go with him.
I'm alive because those demons helped me.
I owe them this.
So. what do we do with them?
Load them on the trucks
and take them to HQ. I'll meet you there.
What are you gonna do?
I'm gonna make it
so the Rabbit needs a magician
to pull him out of his own asshole.
[energy waning]
Still only a half-breed.
[both grunting]
[groaning]
Rabbit's not here right now.
Would you like to leave a message?
[Mary] Yeah.
[Dante] I know you.
- Lady...
- What the hell happened to you?
You were right.
I am part demon.
Yeah. no shit.
What made the rusted gears
in your brain finally click?
I turned into one five minutes ago.
You must be telling the truth.
Even you couldn't make up
something that fucking stupid.
You're not gonna change
again though. right?
No. it doesn't feel like it.
So. you're here for my necklace too. huh?
How did you know where it was?
I followed the explosions.
Generally a good rule of thumb in life.
Mmm. You're not gonna shoot me then?
What about burn me alive?
Inject a bomb in me somewhere?
Trick me into holding a grenade
that blows up in my hand?
Let's find the amulet first.
then we'll see.
[Mary] It should be right...
here.
[tense. uncertain music playing]
[grunts]
Sick motherfucker.
So just to confirm.
my necklace is here. or...?
[faint beeping]
[beeping continues]
Dante...
[coldly] ...and Lieutenant Arkham.
I presume this means Rudra is...
Currently seeping into your floorboards.
Hmm.
He will be remembered as a martyr.
It's you I was calling for anyway.
[footsteps approaching]
You're here to take us to safety?
[whimpers]
[Baines] Sergeant. this is William Baines.
Do you copy?
Mr. Vice President?
What's going on out there?
Is the amulet secure?
Not so rough.
[winces] It was better
being captured by the other guys.
What?
Why would you bring demons
back to headquarters alive?
Because they're refugees. sir.
The idea of refugees from Hell did not
immediately strike you as contradictory?
[unsettling. dissonant music building]
[whimpers anxiously]
You should know.
your little trap backfired.
I shut down
your fucking Nazi Frankenstein lab.
The families you had locked up here
are being evacuated as we speak.
It's over.
All trivialities. Means to an end.
But your point stands. Lieutenant.
It is over.
My army is about to descend on this city.
causing unimaginable death.
unless Dante comes to meet us first.
- You have 30--
- This doesn't make sense.
Which part exactly?
Come on. he's obviously baiting me
into some new insanely complicated setup.
- It's his thing.
- But why?
What's changed?
He has the entire amulet
and Sparda's sword.
Everything he needs to collapse the wall.
Why the fuck haven't you done it already?
You tell me. Lieutenant.
He had the chance
to kill you and he didn't.
Why keep you alive?
What is it about you?
I'm the son of Sparda. if that helps.
What?!
Dante has Sparda's DNA.
Sparda must have used his own blood
in making the wall somehow.
because of course he fucking did.
That's what you need.
Dante's blood.
But something in his DNA was dormant
until he went demon just now.
which is why it wouldn't
have worked before.
Fuck you. Thumper. I figured it out.
I know exactly what you're doing.
Yes. and we both know Dante
is arrogant enough he'll come anyway.
["Faceless Cries" by Power Glove playing]
[Plasma gurgling]
[brooding. suspenseful music playing]
Jesus H.
♪ Erase the light ♪
Took you guys long enough.
All good here.
just a whole bunch of dead ones.
♪ Turned inside ♪
♪ From a faith unholy ♪
That poison of yours has a mean kick.
But not as much as those bullets
from the looks of it.
Thirty minutes. son of Sparda.
If you're not here in that time.
or if there's any hint of DARKCOM
or the military approaching.
then I give the command to strike.
Attention DARKCOM personnel.
This is Vice President Baines.
I am directly authorizing
a change to your orders.
♪ Faceless cries ♪
What's happening. Mom?
♪ Turned inside ♪
♪ From a faith unholy ♪
Liquidate the demon invaders.
All of them.
This world's reckoning
is already in motion.
All you can do now is ease its passing.
Me against an entire army.
Sounds easy enough.
What'd you find?
It wasn't just about your amulet.
It was about...
It was about eviscerating DARKCOM.
All of them. Every one.
Maybe we can't take this world
from you murderous apes.
but we can show you Hell.
[determined seething]
For Makai!
[music swells]
♪ Faceless cries ♪
["Devils Never Cry" plays]
♪ Bless me ♪
♪ With the leaf off of the tree ♪
♪ On it. I see ♪
♪ The freedom reign ♪
♪ We are falling ♪
♪ The light is calling ♪
♪ Tears inside me ♪
♪ Calm me down ♪
♪ Midnight calling ♪
♪ Mist of resolving ♪
♪ Crown me ♪
♪ With the pure. green leaf ♪
♪ Praise to my father ♪
♪ Blessed by the water ♪
♪ Black light. dark sky ♪
IN MEMORY OF KEVIN CONROY
(1955-2022)
♪ The devil's cry ♪